I think it's important that everyone have an ability and opportunity to
participate in any kind of work in one displayed and I am very unhappy
when I hear about anybody who feels like they have been given a
fair chance but it is my belief from what I've been able to observe
that almost every place I've been there have been some representatives
of virtually every ethnic group every gender every for you sexual
orientation preference not available to people if they wanted to take
it but I would be misleading you if I didn't say there seems to
be some ethnic groups who seem to excel in this kind of work and who
you see more often than other areas and it's frequently in computers
it's amazing how many of the people I see at a conference if you just
look around are of Asian or a sub continent Indian descent because
those two ethnic groups seem to produce very good computer scientist
but you see somebody from every conceivable group so you know that
it's available to people who want to pursue it